Link to NiPreps contributing guidelines (#193)
PennLINC/qsirecon: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to QSIRecon

Contributions are welcome.

> Please see the [guidelines for contributing to fmriprep](https://fmriprep.org/en/stable/api.html) and follow those here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the [guidelines for contributing to [guidelines for contributing to NiPreps projects](https://www.nipreps.org/community/CONTRIBUTING/) and follow those here.
```

> Please see the [guidelines for contributing to [guidelines for contributing to NiPreps projects](https://www.nipreps.org/community/CONTRIBUTING/) and follow those here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the [guidelines for contributing to NiPreps projects](https://www.nipreps.org/community/CONTRIBUTING/) and follow those here.
```

sorry, i think my suggestion wasn't formatted correctly
